.\" Hey, Emacs! This is an -*- nroff -*- source file.
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Manoj Srivastava <srivasta@debian.org>
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139,
.\" USA.
.\"
.TH CHKCON 8 "12 марта 2005" "SELinux" "Документация по командной строке SELinux"
.SH ИМЯ
chkcon \-  определить, является ли контекст безопасности действительным для конкретной двоичной политики
.SH ОБЗОР
chkcon policy_file context
.SH ОПИСАНИЕ
Эта утилита проверяет контекст безопасности (его строковое представление), заданный аргументом
.I context,
относительно данных конфигурации, прочтённых из файла двоичного представления базы данных политик, заданного аргументом
.I policy_file.
.SH ФАЙЛЫ
policy file
.SH АВТОРЫ
Эта страница руководства (и только она) была написана Manoj
Srivastava <srivasta@debian.org>.
Перевод на русский язык выполнила Герасименко Олеся <gammaray@basealt.ru>.
