.\" Hey, Emacs! This is an -*- nroff -*- source file.
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Manoj Srivastava <srivasta@debian.org>
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139,
.\" USA.
.\"
.TH GENPOLUSERS 8 "Mar 12 2005" "SELinux" "SELinux Command Line documentation"
.SH NAME
genpolusers \- Generate new binary policy with updated user configuration
.SH SYNOPSIS
genpolusers in-policy usersdir out-policy
.SH DESCRIPTION
Given an existing binary policy file 
.I in\-policy, 
generate a new binary policy 
.I out\-policy 
with an updated user configuration based on any 
.B system.users 
and
.B local.users 
files in the specified 
.I usersdir.
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page (and just the manual page) was written by Manoj
Srivastava <srivasta@debian.org>.
